# Workflow 2 : Building positionning based on solar analysis

<p align="center">
  Image showing the building with solar incidence dots
</p>

## Description

The graph will iterate the position and rotation of the selected tower design, so it falls within the site boundary while minimizing the Solar Indicence by Area ratio.

To avoid options that don't comply (outside of site boundary), the results are heavily penalized, saving computational time by making the analysis to fail on purpose.

## Inputs

| Dynamo Input          | Input Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| Site boundary         | Select the site boundary lines from the Revit model |
| Surrounding buildings | Surrounding buildings |
| Main building         |  |
| Site offset           |  |
| Floor height          |  |
| Location coordinates  |  |

| Refinery Input    | Input Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| Building rotation | Give the site boundary an offset to limit the tower floor plate |
| U value           | Range in mm for the total height of the tower |
| V value           | Range in mm for the floor to floor height of the tower |

## Functions

The script is made up of a series of functions, which are divided into groups inside the graph. Each group has a name and a short description, where the name indicates the type of funciton that is being run and the description explains a bit more in detail the process.
This graph is doing...

## Visualization

All unnecesary geometry has been hidden from the graph in order to get a nice visual in the Refinery interface. Only [...] will be visible. The solar incision on the building is show [...] .This will make easy the task of visually going through the options generated by the graph. For a better understanding of the results, a series of context buildings have been inluded in the Revit sample file.

## Outputs

| Refinery Output   | Output Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| Area out          | Area of the building in square meters that is outside of the site boundary |
| Free area         | Area of the site in plan that is not occupied by the building |
| Average incidence | Incidence in square meters into the external walls of the building |

## Refinery

...

## Results

Once Refinery has finish running we can have a look at the outputs of the new study. 
*add images of all the resultant options and the refinery graphs*
